well hey guys figured I'd go ahead and
give you another update on the container
garden and also show you some additions
to the container gardens now this is
that first one I started where I have
spinach
icicle radishes which turned out pretty
good at actually Detroit dark red beets
now the beets they seem to be going a
bit slow the radishes took off like
crazy and the spinach took off really
good too but it started bolting right
away and I think it's just because I
planted it too late in the season and it
got really hot we had almost 100 degree
weather here in Michigan in May which is
kind of unusual and that may be what
caused the spinach to bolt if you guys
have any idea how to keep spinach from
bolting you know please share give you a
little close-up on most spinach plants
and the beats
so as you can see there's been quite a
few additions to the container garden
and I'm just gonna take you in close and
show you each one individually now first
thing we've got is the hibiscus that I
hand pollinated from plant in our house
and grew from seed this season I have
four of those they're all in separate
pots and then I had a extra lemon balm
which didn't really have any place for
it so I went ahead and stuck it in a
large container because this will self
seed and next year this whole thing will
be chock full of lemon balm and I can
set it anywhere in my yard right up by
the kitchen door if I want and I did
actually go ahead and use a plastic
reused a milk carton to make a tag for
that so I remember what it is
once this plant dies back more of the
hibiscus now here's another large
container and I got these containers I
saw them out sitting by the side of the
road somebody was throwing them out so I
went ahead and grabbed a few up so
that's another reused item that isn't
going to go in our landfills this has
black beauty zucchini squash in it I put
three plants in there and once it gets
going I'll thin it down to the one best
plant another hibiscus another hibiscus
this is the best one of the bunch and
the prize of my garden my stinging
nettle now I harvested these seeds from
the wild and sold them this spring
outside I suppose you could say they had
a slight amount of cold stratification
but it didn't get below freezing and
I've read that you have to cold stratify
stinging nettle seeds to get them to
sprout but obviously they don't require
much cold stratification if any because
that's really doing well extremely well
I had that in a smaller pot transferred
it to a bigger one now the deal that I
had in a smaller power pot it's just off
the hook there's five or six plants in
here and it's hard for me to bring the
camera back far enough for you to
actually see the whole thing but it's
one of my best container plants so far
and again I put it in a big pot because
I'm hoping that it will self seed and if
it doesn't I can always just save seeds
now this container again I had some
leftover herbs this is oregano and
broadleaf sage hey we're just leftover
herbs so I took two of each and stuck
them in this big pot and we're getting
pretty close to the end I want to give
you an update on the lettuce this was
that lettuce blend that I grew it looks
real nice and healthy but it's not
getting very big and it's probably
because I didn't thin it out I've
already harvested most of the radishes
that were in here they they didn't get a
lot of leaf on them but the actual
radish itself was pretty good-sized and
had a really good mild flavor here's one
I can pop out of there
so not huge compared to the other ones
but again I think it's just been
probably just over 30 days maybe 40 days
on these radishes
those are icicle radish good companion
plant for squash if you're curious
but I wanted to do an experiment with
this lettuce and it it is definitely
staying kind of small
this red variety is kind of growing up
so I would assume it's the strongest so
that's it for the container gardens oh
except for this one right here which is
again I just had Oh an old the container
that was starting to get brittle and
break so I just converted it into a
container garden for this one I didn't
even drill holes or anything one thing I
did do with this one is I kind of made
it into a Hebrew culture but because I
had some old punky firewood that was on
the bottom of my woodpile and I layered
it in the bottom instead of gravel
because I didn't have any gravel and
then I had some old bark and small bits
of tree matter that I crumbled up real
small and piled on top of that and then
I just filled it with garden dirt and
I'm hoping that that wood will help
retain moisture when it gets dry in the
summer and I went ahead and planted this
with the market more slicing cucumbers
and as they grow I'll just I'll probably
end up trellising them along this pea
trellis here or I may just let them grow
out in the yard here but that's it
that's update on the container garden
and say like I always do thanks for
watching and thanks for all the comments
in support
you